Portfolio #1

1) The model produced with a harvesting value of k=12 shows 3 different
types of behavior based on initial population in the lake. For when the 
initial population is less than 10, the model shows a trend in decreasing
population. For when the population is greater than 10 but less than 15,
there is a trend for population increase with a plateu approaching 15.
finally, if the initial population is greater than 15, then the population
will show a trend to decrease towards 15 and plateu at that value.

2) The model produced with a harvesting value of k=13 shows a single trend
which is most likely not ideal. the trend shows a decrease in population and
if left at that rate long enough would result in complete loss of all the
fish.

3) refrencing our previous report, there is a trend with values less than 10
for k=12 that results in population decrease. with a new population of 4, the
rate of harvest will have to be decreased significantly for the time being
until we are able to restore the population. in order to restore the
population, depending on how high they would like the population to increase
to, the would have to change the k value to be anything less than 6.72 or less
than 6720 fish. once the population reaches the range between 10 to 15, you
may return to the original business model with a harvest value of k=12

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Portfolio #2

1) Currently, the temperature at the equator is 20 degrees and will remain at
that temperature as long as the regulation remains at zero
Although if the amount of regulation happens to change, it may result in dramatic
changes.
If regulation increases, ultimately the temperature at the equator decreases and
after a significant amount of time, no matter the starting temperature, will
approach the same temperature.
If regulation decreases, ultimately the temperature at the equator increases and 
after a significant amount of time, no matter the starting temperature, will
approach the same temperature.

2) Ultimately by the progression of changes of made the result is this
the result came by this